{
  "episode-1": [
    "The story already starts with a false information 🤣",
    "kinda funny to be here reading this because I just started Gaeul's flower in seasons of blossom",
    "the authors' note says romcom, but I feel like that's what it said last time, and I did more crying than laughing",
    "LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO \nseasons of blossom was seriously one of my fav webtoons ever and to see it’s been revived 😭 IM THRIVING RN LIFE IS SO GOOD",
    "ITS ILLEGAL TO BE THIS EARLY",
    "OMG I MISSED THEM I FINISHED SEASON OF BLOSSOM WHEN IN HIGHSCHOOL AND NOW STARTING THIS AS A FRESHMAN IN COLLEGE. DUDE THE NOSTALGIA, THE EMOTIONS. IM SO HAPPY ❤️❤️❤️😭🙏",
    "ITS FINALLY HERE!!!!!",
    "Reading this while the weather just got cold feels like catching up with an old friend, I'm so glad they're back 😭❤️",
    "Oh I thought Jaemin and Eunchae (Dongchae‘s sis) would end up together? Didn’t they start dating? I don‘t remember well but didn’t they?",
    "NEVER HAVE I BEEN SO QUICK AND FOR THIS AMAZING AUTHOR TOOOOOO WE’RE IN FOR A RIDE",
    "Bro what the flip? THEY MADE A NEW ONE WTF",
    "Happy to see Jaemin doing well",
    "Early!",
    "How dare webtoon hide this from me for 12 minutes",
    "Not me literally growing up with them and their story",
    "I just finished binging Seasons Of Bloom and I was so sad it was over, until, WHAM another one!! Hopefully this one doesn't make me cry so many tears :,))",
    "I can't explain with words how it feels to see them again :')",
    "LETS GO SEASONS OF BLOSSOM SEQUEL :D\n\nTHIS WAS MY FAVOURITE WEBTOON ITS SO GOOD 😭😭",
    "The fact that I was in highschool when I frst read it, and now I'm 20 yrs old...... \nAh my heart❤️",
    "Jaemin will finally get his happy ending in this one I hope 😔✊"
  ],
  "episode-2": [
    "pls more jinyeong and bomi time",
    "the casual smooch from jinyeong with his ears red at the tips I've needed this 😭",
    "i love bomi and jinyeong why are they so cute together <3333",
    "JAEMIN NEW SHIP⁉️",
    "I can smell the misunderstandings 😭😭",
    "wait but what happened to the other girl from seasons of blossom who confessed to Jaemin so boldly!?",
    "I'm loving how Bomi is growing into her own personality now, love that beautiful weirdo lol",
    "BRO!? I NEED MORE OF THAT BEAUTIFUL, ASSERTIVE (initiative?) JINYEONG",
    "Pureum looks so cute and pretty, so does bomi :3🌸",
    "the ear blushing is still there",
    "EXCUSE ME YES IS IT JAEMINS TIME",
    "I’m so ready for more heart break and pain from this Webtoon",
    "Awwww Pureum isn't a mean girl, she's just socially awkward! And gotta say, Jinyeong with glasses 🤌💯",
    "BOMI AND JINYEONG ARE SO CUTE MY HEART",
    "jinyoung is a big boy now 🤧",
    "REMEMBER WHEN IT TOOK 3 ENTIRE SEASONS FOR JINYOUNG AND BOMI TO KISS SEEING THEM DO IT SO CASUALLY NOW MAKES ME EMOTIONAL",
    "jinyoung playing victim to get out of sticky situations omg we're so back",
    "AHHHH OMGG THE AUTHORS GOT ME GIGGLING AND KICKING MY FEET YET AGAIN",
    "Jinyeong and Bomi are SO CUTEEEE AWWW💗💗💗",
    "JAEMIN TAKING ART LIKE HIS BROTHER ARGJHSHSHSHSHSH I CANT I CANTGY"
  ],
  "episode-3": [
    "NEW READERS DO NOT BE FOOLED BY THE CUTE ART STYLE. SEASON OF BLOSSOM BROKE ME INTO PIECES SO JUST AS A WARNING BEFORE NEW READERS CONTINUE TO READ THIS 😭😭. SoB CHANGED THE TRAJECTORY OF MY LIFE.",
    "she wouldn't happen to mean womanizer... right",
    "praying for a second chance romance with seonhui and jaehyun",
    "She thinks he’s cheating on bomi lmaooo",
    "Oh my gosh I didn’t even recognise Dongchae!! He looks so happy now 😭😭😭",
    "wait why did Seonhui and Jaehyun break up?! I need answers!!!",
    "seonhuis hair looks so cute both short and long 🥹",
    "O_o I wonder what happened between Jaemin and Eunchae",
    "I like seeing the minimal amount of realism that high school couples don't always stay together for the rest of their lives",
    "I didn't even recognize Dongchae. What do you mean that lil bean grew up, like legit his story was the perfect way to round everything off in Seasons of Blossom. Now this lil bean is all grown uppppppp!\nalso me when I saw this series pop up:",
    "Aaaaaa I hope we get to see more of Eunchae with the other Jaemin👀👀👀",
    "seonhui and jaehyun breaking up…. ok i don’t believe in love anymore i guess",
    "NO JAEHYUN AND SEONHUI BROKE UP??! WHY, WHY, WHY?!!! They were my favorite couple, as much as I like Bomi and Jinyeong. I REALLY hope it was some kind of misunderstanding of something and that they find each other again because I can’t fathom a world where they’re not together 😭😭😭 They were so cute and perfectttt GAH \nMy theory is this: When Seonhui didn’t get into university and got depressed, in her pain she ended up pushing Jaehyun away because she didn’t want to hold him back bc he (1/2)",
    "lol I'm sensing a lot a misunderstandings stirring up",
    "Seonhui looks so good with long hair too and Dongchae's smiling I can't...",
    "The first panel we see of Dongchae and he’s smiling brightly!! I teared up, ngl 😭 I’m so happy for him, even if now I’m sad for Seonhui 😢",
    "✨womunier✨",
    "Honestly, im uncomfortable with Jaemin and Eunchae's ship from the beginning. sure they were both minors at the time but now that Jaemin's legally adult while Eunchae is still in sophomore highschool, i dont vibe with that.. \n\non another note, Jaemin's character design this time is soo main character. i love hair omg.  we'll definitely gonna find you an SO this time bb",
    "At least she (Gyuri) is self aware. That’s…some improvement ig?",
    "\"WOMANIZER\" She's already protecting Bomi"
  ],
  "episode-4": [
    "Pureum is such a girls girl 🥰😘",
    "At least we know she’ll defend her future friend lolll",
    "this is one of the best/worst misunderstandings i have ever seen in webtoon and it was also VERY REAL LMAO",
    "Bomi immediately going, \"But Jinyeong is handsome too.\" she really is a silly simp when it comes to her bf, it's so cute.",
    "Pureum having one single encounter with a cool girl at a party and planning to die together is so real 😭😭😭",
    "But she’s so real for picking up her future friend before she even met her so me core 😅",
    "Pureum instantly seeing their whole future laid out before her eyes is so adorable",
    "Stop the misunderstanding 😭",
    "Bomi: helps her out, once. Pureum: future bff, double weddings 👯‍♀️",
    "*exhales in second hand embarrassment*",
    "oh brother....",
    "Ugh friend crushes are the worst😭😭, especially when they're in a different social scene",
    "The misunderstanding 😭 I love it",
    "I love Pureum I fear 😭",
    "MY SOUL MATEE?????!!! who else rooting for Bpmi Na Pureum's friendship",
    "I love her 🤣 \"my future best friend\" 🤣",
    "she envisioned being besties doing everything together till they're old and dead 🤣🤣",
    "what a misunderstanding! ahaha but its really cute too",
    "puremu already planned for marriage...damn bomi is everyone crush 🥰🥰🥰🥰",
    "pureum my beloved girl failure shes so funny"
  ],
  "episode-5": [
    "lmfaooo pureum is so cute😭😭 hopefully this misunderstanding gets cleared up quickly, also hopefully she’s not genuinely this terrible at communication for the rest of the webtoon because if so shit is so going down😭",
    "NOT THE LIPSTICK SMUDGE 💀🫠",
    "WELPP THEY STARTED FROM BEING AWKWARD TO THIS BOLDDDD! THEYRE LITERALLY MAKING OUT IN SOMEONE'S CAFEE OMG",
    "also OH MY GAWD BOMI AND JINYEONG ARE NOT KIDS ANYMORE",
    "THE SMUDGED LIPSTICK",
    "ALL THOUGHTS HAVE EVACUATED FROM MY MIND ALL IM THINKING ARE LIPSTICK SMEARED HAND ON WAIST HELLOOO",
    "poor pureum 😭 she'll think that both of them are cheating now 😭😭😭",
    "BRO JINYEONG WENT FROM BEING SCARED TO KISS HER OUTSIDE HER HOUSE TO THIS",
    "Jaemin’s hair 😍",
    "the importance of reading seasons of Blossom is DONGCHAE \nIM SO FREAKING HAPPY FOR THE CUTE BABY BEING HAPPY AND PROUD AND SHOWING HIS FACE (don't covering it with his bangs) ILYSM DONGCHAE THANK YOU FOR KEEP GOING AND JOINING THE GANG, ILY BABY",
    "The little touch with the thought bubbles in the cafe was incredible lol",
    "HELP WHY ARE THEY GETTING FREAKY IN THE CAFE 😭😭",
    "THEY'RE REALLY GROWN UPS NOW 😭😭😭",
    "THE HAND AROUND THE WAIST THE LEAN ONTO BOMI OH MY!!!",
    "Lol bomi has a habit of rambling on about her day when they get intimate. Is that her way of coping with the embarrassment?",
    "its so good to see how jaemin and seonhui are still good friends 😭 especially considering how much seonhui suffered to maintain that in seasons of blossom I'm glad that they can support each other now without any guilt and emotional baggage in their dynamic",
    "BOMI & JINYEONG PLS",
    "I'm cackling at how Bomi and Jinyeong are wasting ZERO opportunity to make out when they can. Like those two? Our shy awkward babies?? 🤣🤣",
    "dang bomi and jinyeong on that freak o clock schedule 😭",
    "somang thinking jaemin is infuriating when he said hes never been disliked before with an angelic smile on her face lmao 😭"
  ],
  "episode-6": [
    "my fav couple is reuniting next eppp 😭😭😭",
    "nooo who’s he with !!!! But also thank god that was sorted out lmaoo",
    "JAEHYUN IS FREAKING BACK LETS GO?!?",
    "i am LIVING for seonhui laughing at everything",
    "i already love Pureum smmmm AND BOMI AND JINYOUNG YAAYY, I LOVE THEMMM",
    "oh dear is that Jaehyun's new gf... or at least a friend? oh i don't know if I want to read this",
    "It's so funny how the misunderstanding just kept escalating and ultimately she reached the conclusion that they were all in an open relationship 🤣 HAHAHHAA",
    "NOT POLYGAMY",
    "the scenario of Bomi \"getting caught\" is killing me😭😭😭😭😭😭Jinyeong there like, \"Bomi, who is this man?🥺🥺\" is so damn funny💀💀",
    "also can we talk about how bomi was still so sweet to pureum even tho she thought she was trying to steal her boyfriend? she even invited her to work in the cafe they go regularly to.... not one bit of hostility or passive agreessiveness from her end.... she's grown formidable 😭",
    "Oh sht Jaehyun.. Kangtese was laughing so loudlyy 😭",
    "She’s so funny and silly. I love Pureum. <3",
    "JAEHYUN??? OH EM GEE WHO IS HE WITH",
    "god i’ve missed seonhui sm Her laughing at everybody was the highlight of the episode",
    "Super random but Nemones favourite character from how to train your dragon is toothless, and it just so turns out that Pureum has black hair and green eyes. Just a random thought I had",
    "DUDE, WHAT IF IT WAS SOME RANDOM DUDE THAT WALKED IN AND NOT PUREUM???\n\"Uh, can I just get my coffee without you guys making out?\"",
    "Normal People: They look so casual. They probably aren't dating. \n\nPureum: THEY'RE A THROUPLE WITH AN OPEN RELATIONSHIP",
    "HELLO HANDSOME HE'S GETTING HOT HELLO?!???",
    "well😭 at least pureum was supportive of their three way relationship !! and she's not homophobic !!",
    "How does she go to polygamy before just realizing Bomi is with Jinyeong. what is this leap"
  ],
  "episode-7": [
    "No matter where we go we'll see one of jaehyuns relatives lol",
    "Jaehyun immediately reassuring Seonhui that she’s just a friend… GET TOGETHER ALREADY",
    "he still likes herrrrrr",
    "i’m so glad jaemin is gonna get someone in the end 😭",
    "I DID NOT CRY THROUGH SEASONS OF BLOSSOM TO SEE MY FAVORITE COUPLE BREAK UP",
    "JAEHYUN’S FRIEND IS SO PRETTY 😭SHE LOOKS LIKE ORANGE SHERBET🍊!!! BUT I WANT SEONHUI AND JAEHYUN TOGETHER AGAIN 😭😭😭",
    "\"GET BACK TOGETHER\" WE ALL SAY IN UNISON",
    "Speaking of siblings, where is jinyoung's adorable lil sister?",
    "not Pureum updating Seonhui hahaha",
    "he’s def coming to see her but he needs to be the one to initiate shes too stubborn lmao",
    "I just want to see Gaeul and Subin already. Give me the other Autumn couple too. I'm dying for it",
    "AHH I MISSED THIS SM. I catch a leaf every fall bc of it.",
    "i’ve actually missed hongduck and nemone so much 😭😭🫶🫶🙏🙏 the way they get every character to be intertwined with each other is always so effortless and amazing im SO excited to be back",
    "pureum always tries to help the girls around her in her own way🥺 first by telling bomi about jaemin(lmao) and now by spying on jaehyun for seonhui (lmao) like pls get this girl friends she's trying",
    "there's so much happening and I LOVE IT",
    "I know it's likely because it's still in the \"Season 1\" but I hope they eventually change the titles for the seasons like they did Season of Blossom. We're already being teased with Jaemin 2, not having his face shown like Dongchae, so the author has plans for this to be somewhat long, like SOB.",
    "“yes jaehyun” we all cheered",
    "Seonhui is trying to poison someone with that coffee LOL😭☠️",
    "Also Pureum is such a good addition to the group 🤌",
    "its actually pretty obvious that jaehyun would have never been the one to dump seonhui he's obsessed with her😭 like he fell first and he fell harder and his brain is always tuned to her needs idk why people assumed he broke up with her when u can see from his first appearance that he's still in love with her"
  ],
  "episode-8": [
    "After re-reading the previous chapters, I think that Seonhui broke up with him because she thought maybe she wasn’t good enough to be at his side. We see a glimpse that she didn’t do well for the college entrance exam while Jaehyun did. Makes me feel sad for Seonhui if she thought she wasn’t good enough for him. I’m sure he would have helped her out if she was struggling",
    "pureum seeing bomi as rapunzel lmao",
    "I SMELL JAEHYUN X SEONHUI COMEBACK!!! come on lovebirds 🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺",
    "Yoo either Seonhui is gonna be dying laughing or she’s bout to throw hands",
    "but now that we're this much into the comic, I do wonder where Gaeul and Soobin are. I mean having both Somang and Seonhui together surely would've brought up the topic of them, no??",
    "wtf girlie what is wrong with you?",
    "The Charlie Brown and Snoopy figurines in the background 🥹",
    "They’re totally getting back together (manifesting)\nPureum is so wholesome I already like her as much as the previous cast",
    "In that one panel, Gyuri is us lol",
    "I can't stop to wonder why they broke up ☹️ IT IS OBVIOUS THAT THEY ARE STILL INTERESTED TO EACH OTHER",
    "I love that Seonhui is a canonically horrible barista but he’s so in love with her Jaehyun is willing to tolerate the trauma 😍",
    "This comment has been deleted.",
    "Episodes have been dropped not even for 24 hours and I’m already committed to spending all my money #noregrets",
    "dongchae and gyuri are so cute ☹️☹️",
    "I missed the \"heart clinch\" this Webtoon has, and here it is!!!\nthis part is so different, yet I love it the same, in S.O.Blossom the focus was on the season's protagonists with the others popping out here and there. But in this one, everything is happening at the same time, love it!!",
    "puremu imagination abt bomi is wild hahahahaha I can't stop laughing 🤣",
    "Bro got assassinated",
    "OMG he's reading the unbearable lightness of being!!! Please read that book guys, it's so good!! I read it for my study abroad class in Prague, truly an experience (the book and the trip LOL)",
    "where's gaeul & soobin☹️",
    "You think that we'll see Gaeul and Subin again? it's just 'cause I miss them too bad😞"
  ],
  "episode-9": [
    "I’ve so missed the insane comedic timing of this group",
    "hangover drink ❌ seonhui’s mystery coffee ✅",
    "MY NAME IS SERI LEE 🗣️🔥 SAY IT WITH ME 🗣️🔥 HEY OH?",
    "I, too, was on Jaehyuns side until the Rap Battle Disaster of 2024 was revealed lol",
    "i need someone to smile at me like jinyeong does to bomi 😫🙏🏼",
    "You’re getting there pureum, just a couple more flashbacks and you’ll remember everything",
    "Seonhui jumping to defend Jaehyun 😭 they're soooo still in love with each other",
    "I’m loving their shenanigans so much",
    "Oh my god you guys Jaehyun quit the clubs cause now he’s been going to that cafe every day omg I can’t do this",
    "Its been a stressful month and honestly this series coming back is the best present i didnt think I needed! This brings me so much joy hahahaha",
    "Ok but is it bad that I want to taste seonhui’s coffee now",
    "I love this author so much and I'm so happy we have a new series. a part of me hopes it's not as heavy as the last story but I'll absolutely stick with it even if it is, I'm just so happy we have the characters back",
    "ahahaa that's hilarious but Jaehyun and Seonhui should really get back together and give it another shot",
    "Coincidentally Bomi means vomit in Bengali 🤣",
    "\"What do you call a castle of silly people? A Kingdumb\" \"How do you protect a jewelry store at night? A locket\" (Cyno approves of these jokes💀🤣)",
    "seeing people dislike pureum for being a realistic character with flaws and making mistakes is so weird to me like are we forgetting what series we're reading? like have yall not read SoB? none of the characters here are perfect... all of them have done things that hurt the other (bomi, seonhui, gyuri, etc) hell even if jinyoung's and bomi's relationship looks perfect now even they were messy in SoB season 1... compared to all the fighting in season 1 pureum's delusions are harmless 😭",
    "Jaehyun don't quit the silly joke club, I am LIVING for those dad jokes!!!!!! 😹",
    "pureum is so cute 🤭",
    "NOT THE RAP CLUB 🗣️🗣️🗣️",
    "Jinyoung's smile when he sees Bomi 😭 and them walking together holding hands 😭 I'm sorry I just love everything about these two"
  ],
  "episode-10": [
    "EVERYONE'S REACTION IN THE END TO THE INSANE CHARACTER SHIFT!!!!! I CANNOT!!!! I'M DYING!!!! THE ABSOLUTE AUDACITY OF THIS WOMAN!!!! I'M DONE! 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣",
    "Wait she’s kinda funny ngl 🫢",
    "Naw she really left the whole room stunned, myself included. I feel inclined to not like her, but damn she pulled off the performance of a lifetime right there. We’ll see where her character goes before I pass judgement.",
    "psycho but honestly..? served cunt",
    "Jaehyun was willing to be kind to her with her sobbing, being embarrassing, and even throwing up on him. He was willing to take the conversation outside to give her some dignity. But the second she started to try to smack talk Seonhui he shut her **immediately** down. \n<3",
    "LOL BOMI SCARED IN THE BACK 😭",
    "Bomi clutching Jinyeong is exactly the energy I wanted to see.",
    "That was so chaotic",
    "The last panel 💀",
    "bro she's crazy. \nI kind of want to be her.",
    "Woooow she really did that? Dang she had us all fooled lol",
    "that switch up was villainess worthy, truly terrifying",
    "I NEED more Pureum and Jaemin moments. the misunderstandings are so funny and they have such a good dynamic already. soooo excited to see the actual romance evolving. God (and the SoB readers) knows that this guy deserve a good love for him. and Pureum is the cutest 🫶",
    "didn't expect that she was just ACTING!! it scares me a lil but girl that's kinda cool",
    "Alright I’m instantly a fan of this diva",
    "THATS A CRAZYYYYY 360 DEGREES SHIFT HAHAHAHAHA",
    "Oh so she's kinda psycho 🤣🤣",
    "Whoah what a weird obsessed and scarily manipulative woman. Poor Bomi even got scared of her and she was so nice to let her rest on her legs.",
    "poor Seonhui wanna be honest with her feelings too, my baby just need some improvement into expressing herself 🙏 we all can be a little pathetic when showing emotions but that's fine!!!! go get your man back 💪 and keep chasing your dreams!!!!!",
    "Lmao i like her! I approve of her joining the crew🤣"
  ],
  "episode-11": [
    "I NEED MEDICAL HELP HE’S SO BOLD",
    "Pureum is so awkward and over the top and I kind of love her.",
    "YES OK JAEHYUN I TAKE U BACK (((((on behalf of seonhui)))))",
    "Honestly, despite being a little socially inept at times, basically all of Pureum’s assumptions and conclusions are fairly reasonable with the little information she had (or limited herself too with how poor her communication skills are).",
    "yes Jaehyun tell her! also Seonhui please don't be too prideful and get back together with him, you love him too",
    "ugh why can’t men like this exist!!!!🥲",
    "I've been thinking this for a while but Pureum feels very autistic coded and it makes me a bit happy, even if it wasn't intentional",
    "\"Beg you to take me back\" bro is so adorable 😭",
    "Bro is confident. I wish I had that",
    "everyone surprised at how bold jaehyun is should reread how he confessed to her in subin and gaeul’s season in seasons of blossom ….i’ll never forget that cute maple leaf thing they had :’) he is by FAR one of my top five favorite male characters of a webtoon, not even joking",
    "WE 👏 LOVE 👏 BOLD 👏 JAEHYUN 👏",
    "KING JAEHYUN YUP",
    "I’ve missed these characters so much😭😭😭",
    "sports fans can't match my hype with the way I'm on his team, GET BACK TOGETHEEEERRRR",
    "Hamin mentioned RAHHHHH 😭🔥🫵🏻😔",
    "oh im crying HE’S BEGGING omg",
    "well now we know he was true to his word when he said \"I'll keep liking you even if you dump me\" wow",
    "that scene of bomi and pureum just standing there badly drawn is actually pure comedy",
    "Thank god. Finally. I'm so glad that didn't take too long.",
    "somang + hamin = somin💕\nher name's so cute🥺😭💘"
  ],
  "episode-12": [
    "HE KEEPS HAIR TIES ON HIS WRIST JUST FOR SEON HUI IM LOSING MY MIND THEYRE SO CUTE 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭",
    "bro pureum had a bounty on her head everytime she appeared 💀💀💀",
    "Twice, twice so far in a row I have lost myself in a fit of laughter for up to 5-7 minutes because of these shenanigans. THE MOMENT THEY BUST THROUGH THAT DOOR I COMPLETELY LOST MY SHIT! I JUST CAN'T! THEY WERE THE GENERAL AUDIENCE! 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣",
    "is it just me or does Pureum feel autistic-coded? she's really struggling in these social situations are her facial expressions/tone keep getting misunderstood",
    "Bomi and Gyuri coming at Pureum for their ship 😭☠️",
    "Author + Artist: I did not even dream of this webtoon and it is 200 percent underserved and we love you all the more for it. So!! Good!!!!",
    "I can’t believe this series is back. I’m so happy I could cry 😫",
    "This episode was a mix of emotions.....i loved pureum's interuption...and gyuri's reaction at the end \"your presence has been bothering me for a while\". 😆",
    "I lost it when even Dongchae barge in 😭😭😭😭😂😂😂😂 my husband got worried because I was wheezing so hard 😂😂😂😂😂",
    "DONGCHAE HAVING TO HOLD GYURI BACK LOLLLLL",
    "Pureum really needs to work on those social skills 🥲",
    "he... he still carries her hair tie... even though they broke up...",
    "well please let my children all be happy! and get back together SeonJae cp\nget together JaeReum cp",
    "NOOO I NEED MORE😭",
    "That one brief cameo of Subin reignited my desire to see him and Gaeul again. Where are they?!",
    "Y’all Pareum may suck at reading social situations normally but this one was her being too sleepy to even realize there was a vibe!!",
    "I am Gyuri, Gyuri is me",
    "She is neuro divergent! I’m so happy there is a WEBTOON talking about that 🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽",
    "This should be called seasons of misunderstandings 🤣💖",
    "Why am i over here lowkey shipping Dongchae and Gyuri?? There’s something about him sitting there reading while she’s being her nosy uncouth self that’s so freaking adorable"
  ],
  "episode-13": [
    "I would die is Seri changes her approach to trying to get them back together and study them as a couple 💀",
    "I love the fact that some of us who have already read Seasons of Blossom might’ve been afraid of how Hongduck and Nemone would break us in this sequel, but so far the only reason to cry is because the story is so funny 🤣 We’re here for the laughs",
    "Stop the part where Jaemin said, “oh that’s not…” made me laugh a little too hard",
    "The way Jaemin is making Pureum repeat « jack***! Vomit! » separately I can’t",
    "I related to Seonhui so much this ep. I struggled in school a lot so I didn’t try until I met someone brilliant and outgoing. I wanted to achieve the things they worked so hard for within months before graduating. I felt so small and insignificant. I felt like I was getting lef￼t behind. We didn’t go to the same college, and we lost touch. I’m not sad or angry anymore. I took it as a lesson not to give up, and I still accomplished so much more than I thought I would. :))  GO CAL STATE!!",
    "communication is getting them somewhere (hopefully good) and hopefully, that crazy actress girl can read a social cue...",
    "who is the guy she bumped into. he is so going to be in the later plot.",
    "apparently in the korean version pureum mixing up her words sounded a lot like she was swearing at jaemin hence his confusion 😭 the damn in the end of last chapter is supposed to be  an accidental \"f*ck\" because she stumbled with her words",
    "I love that the author doesn’t put off communication for too long!! It’s so frustrating when they put it off LIKE PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD JUST TALK!!!",
    "okay now kiss and make up",
    "ok but like, is there something between dongchae and gyuri? like they had that moment at the end of SOB, and so far in SOL they've mostly only been seen together/talking together. and at the cafe they've bioh been the first there several times. ship possibility?",
    "I CANT TAKE SEONHUI BEING SAD ☹️☹️",
    "As someone who didn’t try until my last year of highschool I understand what she feels. It’s embarrassing and hurts to see others do well when you don’t know what’s going on with yourself. Especially with your own family telling you things to put you down and they call it constructive criticism…",
    "I feel like the guy Seri bumped into will have something to do with the story. Dongchae and Gaeul also appeared before their seasons were published.",
    "Jaemin helping Pureum with social skills 🫶 yeah boy, please. she really needs.",
    "lmao not the whole gang being in their business 😭",
    "\"those are good words to learn\" 🗣️🗣️🗣️ lollll I don't like Seri that much but some of her lines are just so funny",
    "i feel bad for both Seonhui and Jaehyun. On one hand it's heartbreaking to see Seonhui be insecure and hate herself like that just because she isn't \"successful\" according to society's standards. On the other hand it also hurts that Jaehyun got broken up with without any explanation till now and it might hurt him more now to see the love of his life feel ashamed and bad about herself even though he doesn't see it that way.",
    "jaemin and pureum are also in their own little world haha",
    "seri perfectly embodies the saying \"delulu is solulu\"🙂‍↔️"
  ],
  "episode-14": [
    "Jaemins friends throwing up on him while professing their love tho💀",
    "I guess we'll get Dahyeon and Eunchae's seasons of blossom while the others continue their uni seasons of lovesome",
    "All my homies love healthy communication",
    "Man, I really disliked Gyuri in the beginning of Seasons of blossom, when she was acting like a brat and was envious of Bomb. But now, she is very funny and bubbly. I really like her, she's a sweetheart.",
    "I should probably start studying for collage right because I don’t want to break up with a beautiful green flag because of stress 😭😔",
    "This is why it's important to ask yourself 'what do you rly want' and 'why do you want xyz'. Sometimes you think you want a car (sure), but what u rly want is independence. It's not always the physical thing we want, but what it represents or means to us. Which means this want can be achieved in diff ways. Maybe Seonhui wanted to feel good enough for him. But, yeah, it is pretty unrealistic to try and catch up in a short time to someone who's been studying years. That's a very difficult goal in",
    "but honestly, even though she's too proud, I think Seonhui's feelings are reaaaally valid. I understand the thought of not wanting to be a burden or a shame for your partner. she cares just as much as Jaehyun, but felt more overwhelmed, which is totally normal. at least they're talking now",
    "Bro be the biggest green flag even when he’s not listening because his girl to cute",
    "btw, I just love how Jaehyun is the perfect match for Seonhui. someone like her who have such a difficult time talking about their feelings needs a person like him who's always honest and very direct (which also explains why she felt a little overwhelmed, cause she never had someone being so open with feelings towards her)",
    "I LOVED the development of this episode and the communications!!!",
    "Jaemin Shin: 😏\nEunchae:",
    "I'm sorry but Seonhui worrying when Jaehyun is just \"she's so cute\" it's the most adorable thing ever. he's SO in love.",
    "seonhui: *talking abt something important*\njaehyun's pov of seonhui: proper name, place name, backstory stuff, blah blah blah",
    "I love purereum",
    "Pureum is really so pure. she being that happy about her 1st friend is so adorable 😭 ok, she has a tendency to create some misunderstandings, it's true, BUT SHE'S CUTE. SHE CAN.",
    "webtoon is peak again now that this series is back 👌🏼",
    "anyone still dying to know what became of subin and gaeul :’)",
    "I MISS EUNCHAE",
    "jaehyun's commitment to seonhui is impressive cause it's perfectly understandable for him to walk away and move on with his life too..... but he understood her need for space and is willing to wait for her while gently encouraging her back to her feet.... his love is so pure 😭",
    "I find it so ironic that in the beginning jaehyeon was practically an npc, like the author didnt even care to have his face drawn and now we are all fazing over him"
  ],
  "episode-15": [
    "... jaemin is finally older than hamin now, isn't he.",
    "Can we please appreciate Jaemin with his little sister? 🥺🥺🥺",
    "I’m not ready for the trauma",
    "hamin you'll never be forgotten 🤍",
    "Eunchae appreciates help, but hey less is more 😂 Jaemin Shin was almost cool 🤣",
    "Wow!! I love Eunchae’s growth and for calling out Jaemin Shin!!! 💪💪",
    "It's still kills me every time they mention Hamin, but Somin reaching for his picture is too much. She'll never know her oldest brother.",
    "Everytime I see Hamin the pain feels just as raw as it did all those months ago....",
    "PLEASE I'M ALREADY CRYING 😭😭😭 and the little sister is so cutee! it's like a combination of Hamin and Jaemin 🥹🥹🥹",
    "i actually love how hamin's presence remains in this story even tho people moved on with their lives he will never be forgotten by them😭 his life was so precious",
    "I wish nothing but the best for the girl who made her first friend ><",
    "me having to pause and just look at my screen every time I see Hamin",
    "How can you have a meltdown reading HI MOM...\nWell done... Well done....",
    "I miss hamin🥲😭",
    "is it only me or isn't somin looks like a combination of somang and hamin 😭 even er name Somang + Hamin =Somin 😭",
    "I am curious of how their love will blossom",
    "tbh, idk what's wrong with me anymore but i still cry whenever i see hamin 😭 is this a universal experience or i'm not normal anymore???!",
    "I wonder if her mom's death has anything to do with her not showing up in TV anymore, they're probably completely unrelated though.",
    "Oh no, I'm so sad that Pureum's mom is dead, I thought she was besties with her mom and now I'm crying!!! 😭\nAnd Jaemin 2 sure is a weird and selfish kid, does he like Dahyeon? Is that why he decided to help Eunchae?",
    "nu uh everytime i see a glimpse of hamin i cried, like SoB really is traumatising 😭😔"
  ],
  "episode-16": [
    "I KNOW EXACTLY WHAT PUREUM IS GOING TO THINK, NO THATS NOT THE CASE PUREUM!!!!",
    "Stop 😭 I love that he fell in love with her. I mean, she did eventually find her voice to help him in the original series. And I really hope that even though she goes on about Jaemin's looks, it's not like she's in love with him. She always found him attractive without really knowing him, but she does know Dongchae 🥺 I'm hoping her bursting into tears means she really does like him back",
    "The way I cried when Gyuri cried???? These characters have such a hold on me my god",
    "Pureum's commitment to misunderstand is honestly admirable. my girl's always trying to connect the dots and somehow goes to the wrong way everytime. love her so much.",
    "A NEW SHIP HAS ENTERED THE CHAT",
    "Dongchae kills me every time. First with laughter, then depression. 😭",
    "I’VE ONLY RECOGNIZED DONGCHAE NOW AFTER 16 CHAPTERS BC HIS SHORT A*S NEW HAIRCUT MAKES HIM LOOK SO DIFFERENT FROM SOB WHAT THE HELL 😭😭😭",
    "Purims misunderstandings are about to reach a whole new level 😂😂 I wonder when she'll remember she kissed Jaemin",
    "i really like how dongchae can express himself the way he is now, like he can express his jealousy well! im really proud of him. such a growth :)",
    "Gyuri and Bomi not wanting Seri around lolllll such supportive friends",
    "btw I know a lot of people are going to criticize Gyuri or this couple but honestly I feel like it's so on point. this series (and SOB) always had an incredible development for all the relationships. I don't think anything between them would happen if it didn't make sense. like, c'mon, they've seen each other at their worst. if this don't make people be closer, then none of the gang would be friends. it's what brings them together and the basis for all the dynamics since SOB",
    "Somang thinking about Hamin... oh lord, the pain...",
    "OMG IS THIS THE BEGINNING OF A NEW LOVE?🥹😭😭😭💓💓 I know Gyuri likes him too, or maybe she's confused but I know she feels something, in all the episodes she is only with Dongchae and Jaemin it's almost like a fake cover, please gimme the backstoryyy",
    "YESSSS DONGCHAE GETTING HIS LOVER ARC!!!! he's so polite I swear what a lovely boy. he deserves all the happiness!!!!",
    "NOT POOR JAEMIN GETTING CAUGHT IN A LOVE TRIANGLE AGAIN- First it was Bomi and Jinyeong, then Seonhui and Jaehyun, and now Gyuri and Dongchae 😭 Poor bro can’t catch a break",
    "somang thinks about hamin every time it rains😭😭😭😭",
    "HAMIN ILL NEVER FORGET YOU",
    "I 💯💯 respect Pureum's creative mind and a strong dedication to misunderstandings and making up scenarios in her head is top-notch 😭\nShe is so cute and innocent.",
    "Oh, poor baby Gyuri! 🥲 Also, we all know that Pureum is going to think that Jaemin is the baby's father 😂",
    "Haven't seen late Hamin's girlfriend since a long time...umm what was her name? Also missing Gaeul and her boyfriend in this series. Hope they make an entry soon."
  ],
  "episode-17": [
    "I think Gyuri is so blinded by her infatuation on Jaemin that she can’t clearly see how much she cares for and likes Dongchae.",
    "Can’t wait for her point of view",
    "I’m rooting for those two couples fr",
    "why all of the guys are such boyfriend material???? like???? Jaehyun? please, he's graduated in the loverboy department with honors. Jinyeong? his sexuality is Bomi, like, he's Bomisexual. Jaemin? bro kissed girl once and wants her to remember so bad that almost cried when she was angry with him. Dongchae? will listen to girl talking about ANOTHER GUY and be \"why is she so cute?\". that's how you know they're so not real",
    "The romances are so wholesome yet so depressing. When am I going to have my Season of Blossom/Lovesome moment? 🥲",
    "please Seonhui's nickname in Jaehyun's phone is SUNNY. literally the black cat of the group. the one who only loses to Jinyeong when it's about being grumpy. and he has her number saved as SUNNY. he's so absurdly in love. they're adorable.",
    "RUN AFTER HIM IN THE RAIN OMGGG",
    "Gyuri totally likes him haha, girl better start running to catch up with him🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️",
    "All the different layers and storyweaving this series does is so so good, I really love it. I really loved that cute moment when Pureum (who is gorgeous) is holding adorable little Somin!",
    "I just love how Dongchae and Gyuri really make sense. like, she gives him courage to step out of his shell and he brings a certain softness to her, who's usually so prideful and trying to look the \"idgaf\" type. it's so cute",
    "SOMIN IS SO CUUUUUUTE omg her little hand on Pureum's knee 😭 MY HEART HURTS SO MUCH",
    "I think Jaemin is also developing feelings!! I need his POV now!!",
    "Jaehyun 🤝 Dongchae being in love with girls who pine over Jaemin",
    "haha Jaemin calling out Pureum's wild imagination was absolutely perfect. she's catching feelings for him now, too!",
    "the rain is really the wingman 😉✨",
    "I love the autor so so much. Her of writing is so beautiful I read season of blossoms and that was amazing nerve racking but still interesting to the end.",
    "I just want them to get together asap T^T",
    "\"sunny\" im SOBBING. he’s adorable",
    "Jaemin running under rain just does something to my heart. It aches because of Hamin. Yet its cute. My heart skips a beat when Pureum sees him. I know his story. I know what she is experiencing. I understand both of them. Ahhh they are so cute adorable and lovesome."
  ],
  "episode-18": [
    "lol Jinyeong Knew the whole time 😂 so quiet so observant",
    "I absolutely love the authors ability to grow and change the characters in such a realistic way without completely washing out their faults or changing their character too much. It all feels so natural, author your stories and characters have my heart 😭🥰",
    "I swear, if Dongchae didn't pull her away to kiss her 😭 I won't be mad, but it just feels so perfect in that moment. Also, Jaemin's little sister is literally the cutest thing! I love her so much!",
    "the only problem with this series is the wait every week 😭",
    "Gyuri falling in love is so…sweet 😭🩷 and Dongchae too. I’ve never felt happier for two characters like that. Like this was a bandaid they had to rip off cause both of them were too scared to ruin the “normalcy” of friendship they had going on to not lose each other.",
    "Normally when it comes to romance couples, I tend to like one character (usually FL) over the other, but I like Jaemin and Pureum both so much that I sincerely want to see how their dynamic with each other will grow from here and it surprises me just how much so. Like I NEVER really understood ship building culture until now. Also, Pureum is such a lovely and interesting character, I seriously can’t wait to learn more about her background… No lie, I might be obsessed with her…. 🥲🥲",
    "OMG SOMIN SITTING ON PUREUM'S JACKET 😭 probably the cutest thing I've ever saw 😭 she's so tinyyyyy",
    "omg when she said i wish he came for someone he isnt close with bacause he might lose his smile......I.......*sobs* .......*remembering seasons of bloosoms😭😭🙃*",
    "Me this whole episode excited for honesty and motion in relationships but also thoroughly distracted by the cute baby",
    "so... are we just going to ignore the \"I think you are my type\" at the end? ☝️😭✨️",
    "Comfort series omg",
    "so excited to see Pureum and Jaemin grow closer and closer!!!!!! their screen time isn't enough 😩 when they open up to each other about their traumas..... oh lord my tears will fill three olympic pools",
    "Finally Romance for them.",
    "Oh man I was worried that nothing could live up to SoB (literally my all time favorite series tysm) but this is so freaking cute and is turning out to hold just as much wonder!!! The author always does such an amazing job with portraying emotions and I actually am in love with the character arcs in this series (Gyuri and dongchae have my whole heart oh my gosh) - I cannot wait until it’s long enough to binge so that I can read it dozens of times just like SoB ❤️❤️ So so good!!",
    "ok but pureum wishing that jaemin isn't here to visit someone close to him cuz she can't handle it if he loses his smile ... that's such a pure and beautiful thing to wish for someone who've come to enter your heart. 🥺💖\n\nand aww, the way gyuri confessed .. it wasn't according to her plan, but this was even more perfect. the way she sobbed while confessing captures her raw emotions, how much she likes dongchae as well .. this webtoon always makes my heart feel full 🥺❤️✨️",
    "Dongchae blushing while dragging Gyuri with him yes my boy please give us a confession!!!!!!!!!",
    "I like gyuri's post-redemption character",
    "Ooh baby it's raining 🎶☂️ confessions in the rain are EVERYTHING!",
    "so cute to see Gyuri slowly falling (and noticing to be) in love with Dongchae. they're a really good couple. her development is so awesome, and so is his. great how far they've become from the kids we saw in last SOB season :')",
    "Idk if I’m wrong but I feel like there’s this duality between the love of Pureum and Jaemin starting and the one of Gyuri finally blossoming. We can see the scenes overlapping in the episode. I found that interesting!, I just really really love this author and their amazingly beautiful characters and stories 😭 I’m too scared to reread SoB again tho, my heart is to weak for that🥹"
  ],
  "episode-19": [
    "I love the couple dynamics. There’s familiar tropes but I like the different angles the author takes. You’ll find combos like Bomi and Jinyeong now Yuri and Dongchae. Soon Jaemin and Pureum.",
    "Ok... the actress girl is kinda hilarious 😂",
    "aw lil baby somin 🥺",
    "ngl there is something abt seri lee that makes me feel something with the way she wants to study human’s emotions and entering theatre and acting out all that diff character tropes…",
    "DONGCHAE X GYURI WHY ARE THEY SO CUUUUTEEEEEEE",
    "my girl Seonhui always being compared to dogs 😭 first a maltese and now a chihuahua pls give her a break ✋",
    "The little wave by Somin was adorable",
    "How incredibly romantic and perfect Dongchae's life has become. Besides old traumas and misunderstandings has overcome it all. I love watching him hang out with the others.💖💖💖💖",
    "I'm so proud of how far gyuri has come since seasons of blossom 😭😭😭",
    "glad they got together! can’t wait to see what happens next",
    "I am also a slave to the dopamine (especially the dopamine I get from this series)",
    "God all the couples are so cute🥹",
    "Dongchae deserves so much happiness 🫶🫶🫶 my heart hurts with him still dealing with what happened in SOB but so glad he got this far :))))",
    "Gyuri and Dongchae are so cute!!!!! I love to see him teasing her a little, i feel like it shows how comfortable they're with each other",
    "Pureum's catching feelings!!!!! It's our golden boy's turn!!!!!",
    "I love how this WEBTOON illustrates how difficult it can be to get over trauma. It isn’t just a magic fix with the power of friendship, but takes a long time to recover from. I really like how Dongchae’s still affected by the years of bullying in some moments, but is on his way to recovery through his good support system",
    "Why do I get butterflies so much???!! But like these couple are just sooooo freaking cute🥹💕💕",
    "pureum and somin bonding 🥺🥺💕",
    "Bomi and Jinyeong my focused couple 💪💪💪 I just love how he manages to still pay attention to whatever's happening around with everyone lol",
    "gyuri’s character development is making me so emotional, she’s grown so much her AND dongchae both ☹️☹️"
  ],
  "episode-20": [
    "raise your hand if you’re also a sucker for hotties 🙋‍♀️",
    "pureum is so cute!!! but that message was very concerning I hope it’s not some creepy ex",
    "I knew it, introducing Pureum WITHOUT A TRAUMATIC BACKSTORY?? not possible for any character. The text came, now we shall wait for it to be revealed🔁",
    "I can't with Jaemin being so emotional just cause Pureum said hi back lmao he's whippeeeeed",
    "\"cool greeting ideas\" I swear she's the most relatable character ever. love her so so much.",
    "Jinyeong being the biggest weirdo in Seonhui's mind until Seri 😭 I love their dynamic",
    "I wonder who is the person that talked to Pureum, maybe her dad??",
    "Eunchae and Shin Jaemin💀",
    "jinyeong and pureum with the very introverted interaction",
    "yesss Bomi stand up for our boy Jinyeong!!!! he's indeed very adorable but manly!!!!",
    "Eunchae takes no bs and I love that for her 🫶 her personality is so great",
    "YESSSSS!!!!! Seonhui 🫶🫶🫶 rooting so much for her to really understand her value and create the courage to chase what she loves (Jaehyun included hehe)",
    "Gyuri and Dongchae at the end aww cuties 😭",
    "They all make me so happy :)",
    "jinyeong and pureum panicking when they see each other, both unable to remember the other's names, and then being relieved when the moment passed anyway is SO FUNNY AND RELATABLE 🤣",
    "Pureum and Jinyeong looking at each other remind me of him and Seonhui in SOB lollll (but with way less hostility)",
    "Pureum reminds me of younger me. I was so clueless and so bad with people. Just much later after my 30s I found out I was autistic and it was all part of the package.",
    "Bomi+Jinyeong supremacy",
    "hm she said she wanted to be mean but maybe she decided to be nice instead? anyway love her character. curious what's going on with eunchae and jaemin and why he bothers her so much from both perspectives. aw my cute new couple is resting this chapter. feel better soon!",
    "I’m also a sucker for hotties🙋🏻‍♀️"
  ],
  "episode-21": [
    "this is literally such a good webtoon. i want to live vicariously through it lmao",
    "I remember that orange haired girl being one of the people to note Pureum taking an arts class in the second chapter… I wonder what kind of connection she has to her?? And/or the text she got (I’m assuming that one’s from her former mentor though)",
    "euncha give my boy shin jaemin a chance trust him😭🙏🙏🙏🙏\nalso I got a feeling we’re in for a running scene",
    "man, i really think shin jaemin following her around and acting as if they are close very annoying. i could neverrr\n\nand since he’s trying that hard, she must have been thinking what his ulterior motive is which leads to her conclusion. it’s understandable really, after going through all that pain in sob :(",
    "Eunchae's disgusted face 😭 she has zero patience with him lollll",
    "I guess this really starts to explain some of the life Pureum has had. I had a feeling things were rough for her, but she really had to go through some draconian teaching for something as subjective as art, that’s really unfortunate. On top of that, it seems like maybe her family went through a divorce on top of her mom getting terminally ill. Good lord she’s went through it. Makes me really hope that Jaemin continues to be such a huge rock in her life, romantic or not",
    "For some reason I thought it might be Jaemin then realized that wouldn’t make any sense lol",
    "Jaemin immediately covering Pureum with his jacket and carrying her out of the class is equally funny and cute, he's so thoughtful 🫶",
    "so glad we're being able to see more of Eunchae in this sequel, her personality is amazing",
    "Jaemin is so caring ahhh",
    "I need more of Jaemin and Pureum’s story. I love how they’ve both found someone who truly gets what it means to go through trauma and embrace the fact that your scars are a part of who you are. I love a good slowburn, but damn. I need moreeee",
    "Jaemin Shin intrigues me but I'm too much of a sucker for \"boys having to sweat a little bit to get girl's attention\" trope 🤷‍♀️ so definitely not minding if the misunderstanding go on for a little more hehe you need to put more effort, my guy!!!",
    "The way jaemin carried Pureum so easily 😭",
    "i think i’m gonna like this new guy(?) :)",
    "i wonder if it was intentional, with the way pureum is, she might be deflecting jaemin at the end.",
    "Being beaten for something as simple as doing art wrong is not it at all, coming from someone who went to Kenyan schools and was beaten for everything. Being beaten just instills a crazy fear of adults in you💀they'll call it respect, but really, if given the chance, I know that a lot of students would love to get revenge on their former teachers, me included, cause why is your biggest opp a 10yr old? I mainly used to be whacked with those really hard gardening pipes after they'd been shortened💀",
    "ooooh I don't like that girl's face seeing Jaemin and Pureum together. totally sus. AND WHOEVER SEND THAT TEXT STAY AWAY FROM MY GIRL !!!!! DO NOT COME CLOSER !!!!!!",
    "Jaemin Shin may have more character development later, but as of now, just the fact that he wasn't going to help Eunchae if they didn't share a mutual friend is a huge disappointment that I haven't been able to get past💀🤷",
    "Jaemin has a crush on Eunchae so cute",
    "Mm great great now give me 14 NEOW"
  ],
  "episode-22": [
    "Seonhui first love\nBomi first crush\nEunchae first love\nGyuri first love/crush/obssesion",
    "Jaemin has been the first love of every girl he’s encountered 😭😭",
    "HE REALLY WAS HER FIRST LOVE?\nand omg second jaemins actually not bad or insensitive that’s so great i had sm faith in",
    "He will be also Pureum’s first love (and I hope that she will be his first love as well)",
    "Mistranslation from for dahyeon and shin jaemin’s oppa thing “i’m kind of offended, in my family i’m the cute maknae” “but you’re older than me by weeks!” “so what, I’m cute, oppa!”",
    "Jaemin being everyone’s first love but never their last. Maybe Pureum will be the one 🤭",
    "I love how Bomi is the athletic one in the relationship, it's so rare actually and I don't know why",
    "I'm sorry I see so much potential in Jaemin Shin and Eunchae I'm already sold 🙊 maybe it's too early but I can see he fangirling over her and having a crush cuz she's so cool and fights back and doesn't stay silent at all and I'd understand him COMPLETELY. she IS a badass and makes sense that my girl has people crushing on her like c'mon",
    "Interesting! I’m excited to see Pureum and Jaemin chat after this extended chase!!",
    "I love when new Jaemin does the -⩊- face",
    "Jaemin Shin being more bothered about Jaemin Lee than a guy that Eunchae actually see constantly, that's a good intuition right there!!!",
    "Ohhhh he’s gonna be SUPER jelly🤣",
    "Jaemin I think is truly the main character of this series, because he connects every individual story and character together. And consequently this poor dude has been stuck in so many love triangles and is literally everyone’s first love 😅 (Bomi’s first crush who may have liked her a bit at one point, Seonhui’s first love, Gyuri’s first major crush/obsession, (1/2)",
    "Also, every other character has showed up from the original, except for Seonhui’s brother Subin and Gaeul- I really want to know how they ended up, what their lives look like now, if they ever found their way back to each other or if they completely moved on. Their story was an entire season in the first series so pretty substantial and we should be able to see them again I hope 🤞🏻",
    "When your first love loves someone else 😫",
    "ooooh so Jaemin Shin has a background with those assh*les okay okay that's interesting",
    "he'd be my first love if i was in this webtoon too",
    "lmfao the potato looking guy 😆 🤣, meanwhile everyone else has these dazzling looking eyes/ face XD",
    "Here's the summary:\nNumber of people who fell in love with Jaemin: 4 (Bomi, Seonhui, Gyuri, Eunchae)\nNumber of people Jaemin loved: 1 (Bomi)\nNumber of people Jaemin dated: 0...\nHopefully soon Pureum will break the cycle >_<",
    "I am so excited to find out what happened between those two 🥺"
  ],
  "episode-23": [
    "I truly appreciate how the author is unfolding Jaemin and Eunchae’s past. It beautifully illustrates that not every first love becomes an endgame relationship, yet it profoundly shapes our perception of love and flirt. It influences what we avoid, what we seek, and how we navigate future relationships.",
    "if anyone tries to harm pureum i’m ending it all she’s such a sweet soul",
    "Poor thing’s gonna give you what you deserve for stalking her soon enough 💀 that’s seriously creepy and a huge breech of privacy from her classmate for giving away her location.",
    "I'm so so proud that Jaemin communicated the misunderstanding between Eunchae and him as soon as he could and didn't stop trying even when she tried to ignore him. I'm predicting that she might start warming up to Jaemin after this, but it might take a while for a spark to happen between them. However long it takes, I'll be waiting for more & more episodes from our lovley author because the depth and emotion that's poured onto the \"Seasons\" series is unmatched & i love seeing their development 🫶",
    "Eunchae and Jaemin Shin spending the whole day together at school was sooo cute 😭 he's the yapper and she's the listener fr fr",
    "blue jaemin is literally so cutesy",
    "I loved seeing Jaemin Shin and Eunchae hanging out and chatting the whole school day as he tells her his past. They're getting close! 😊",
    "Eunchae is so real like Jaemin really shouldn't say things carelessly cause that's how every girl in this story had a crush on him 😭",
    "shin jaemin how i love u😭🙏🙏🙏",
    "leave our sweet bubble head ALONE",
    "btw I know some people wish Eunchae and Jaemin Lee could be together, but Eunchae really deserves someone that admires her and is focused on her the way Jaemin Shin is (or is trying to be). Jaemin Lee went through too many things, and although Eunchae understands a lot of them, she didn't lost Dongchae, y'know? Pureum can understand him in a level that only Somang could deeply relate until now, so yeah their bond makes more sense. I just love the couples as they are rn",
    "Pureum is so sweet and pure, i don't understand why everyone misunderstands her 🤧",
    "honestly, I love so much the friendship between Dongchae and Jaemin. the way Dongchae trusts Jaemin with his sister and how Jaemin always call Dongchae when he's going to see his brother, like.... they went through so many things together, wish we could see more of them",
    "No leave our Pureum ALONE!",
    "Shin jaemin is already falling I see…",
    "\"human punch bag\" I SWEAR TO GOD they're so fcking disgusting useless pieces of shit literally NOTHING could ever be enough to compensate all the things they did idc",
    "Oh boy here comes the trauma guys. Buckle up!!! I sense some type of past abuse on Pureum. 😣🫂 we’re not ready for it",
    "“I also find you cute…” boyyy 😆🥰🥰",
    "*being watched*\nPureum: “STARSSS 🌟✨🤩”",
    "Jaemin Shin blushing ooooh I love this. yeah they're gonna be a cool couple I'm feeling it!!!!!"
  ],
  "episode-24": [
    "Out of the frying pan and back into the fire, poor Pureum. Life’s got plans for you two it seems!!! Also Seonhui succeeding on her own merit is so rad!!! Also, I love that Pureum and Jaemin were the ones to notice our new couple, just another reason why they’ve grown on me so much!",
    "that opening excuse me ??? DREAMING ALREADY?? girlie is lovestruck",
    "Can I just say I absolutely adore how supportive Jaehyun is of Seonhui? He’s constantly looking out for her and truly cares about her so much 🥺",
    "The forced proximity trope!!!!!! 😈",
    "\"thanks, you clueless people.\" I'm with Gyuri on that one 😭",
    "PUREUM DREAM😭😭 poor baby she's in love and doesn't know what to do about it",
    "Gyuri loves being the center of attention and I love her 😆 notice me you absolute FOOLS",
    "WHY DOES HE LOOK SO GOODDD OMG",
    "not Seri calling Seonhui ex gf and leading to so many misunderstandings 😭 she's so chaotic, it really fits in",
    "that dream at the beginning.....🥵 WHEW that man is so hot bro Pureum go get him!!",
    "I do like Jaehyun and Seonhui as a couple, but the chaos goblin in me is kind of shipping Seonhui and Seri now lol",
    "\"your tone is warm, but not your words.\" LMFAOOOOO🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣",
    "Pureums hamster is so cute!! ^^",
    "not only Jinyeong calling her BOREUM 🗣️ but also Seri \"oh I knew that\", like 😭 they don't take my girl Pureum seriously",
    "I am so grateful and glad that the author decided to continue using the same characters for a different series. the story continues ❣️❣️❣️",
    "Dongchae blushing so much and Gyuri just trying to get everyone's attention I swear I LOVE THEM. that's too much cuteness. can't resist.",
    "OH MY GODDDD LET THE SHIP SAILING BEGIN !!",
    "I'm like Jinyeong with the names of these characters too 😅",
    "That image of Jaemin was just positively sinful…\n\n…Much appreciated",
    "the way pureum cover her face bcause she is shy😆 really how can u not love her? she is soo cutee🤏"
  ],
  "episode-25": [
    "Jinyeong felt a disturbance in the force",
    "The tall, light brown haired, extrovert and the short, black haired, introvert. Where have i seen that before 😅",
    "aaa we’ve never seen him blush that much🥹🥹🥹🥹",
    "Why does it feel like (only a lil)…that jaemin and pureum are the genderbent version of bomi and jinyeong? 😅",
    "YES THEY’RE BLUUUUSHIIIINGGG!!! I love this ship haha",
    "PLEASE They’re so cute together 🥺",
    "stoooop! this is too cute 💕 It's rare to see Jaemin blush like that. He totally deserves a sweet relationship <3",
    "Jinyeong immediately getting chills like war flashbacks from SOB he's really THE introvert",
    "I’M SO EXCITED FOR THEIR FUTURE ALREADY 😂🥰",
    "\"Introverted people like her bring out the hunter instincts of the extroverted type.\"\n\nI feel threatened.",
    "bruh this is the first time I've seen Jaemin blush like ever",
    "The height difference, omg, i want them together so bad 😭",
    "Awwwwww, well Pureum, it seems fate had other plans!! I’m excited to see things progress, though I suspect our new couple are on the way to intercept the moment lol",
    "So when's the wedding 🤭",
    "Pureum's out there collecting misunderstandings like pokemons 💪",
    "I'm literally crying, they're so cute together, I can't",
    "And so it begins 💅🏻💃❤️🔥",
    "Recently reread the SOB, sure he gets flustrated and had his own feelings here and there but I don't remember that big of a blush from Jaemin.\nHIS WHOLE FACE IS TOMATO\nBro that guy is down bad and he doesn't even know yet",
    "after everything he’s been through - love this for them 🥹",
    "the little apron on jaemin 🥺 his hands in the big pocket 🥺 the blushing 🥺🥺🥺"
  ],
  "episode-26": [
    "what a privilege it is to see Jaemin falling in love",
    "ohh she fell first, he fell harder 👀",
    "I can’t wait to see Jaemin in a genuine relationship 🥹🥹🥹",
    "I love that he’s recognizing his feelings right away! It’s so refreshing lol",
    "In korean he basically says “i’m screwed”",
    "I know many of you believe Pureum fell first, but wasn’t it Jaemin who fell first? \n\n1. He couldn’t shake the memory of that night at the party because of “her”.\n2. He was so taken by her smile that, in the end, that smile lingered with him more than the fact she puked on him. \n3. He wanted for her to remember that night as much as he did, as if the memory of it meant something to him, like it was that one thing that could make sense of everything he felt.\n\nHe definitely fell first.",
    "I think it’s cute that he’s falling for someone who also has a passion for painting like his older brother",
    "I can't wait for her to reclaim her talent under her terms ✨️",
    "they’re so cute i wonder what’s holding jaemin back right now. maybe it’s been too soon?",
    "The SLOW BURNNNN I hate that I love it so much 😭",
    "it’s not bad this is good!!",
    "I love this comic!! So deep and light at the same time! The sequel is just as good as the original 💗",
    "Find something in life that reminds you to breath",
    "every single time they mention Hamin it feels like I just got stabbed",
    "Omg I love the mention of his brother and the connection through art 💜 these two deserve each other",
    "She’s actually so pretty woah",
    "When Jaemin said \"A fish out of water\", \"My brother used to say that drawing was like breathing\", \"It looks like the fish can't breathe because its outside of the water\" I thought about Hamin. He was the fish outside of water. \nHamin was in a uncomfortable place in life. Art was a breathe for him but he had to give up art to study. I reread 2nd season recently. I realized that he even told his mom \"I want to draw. It's boring!\" when his mom forced him to study in preschool. (1/2)",
    "\"but I forgot to breathe at some point\" oh that's so sad :(  I really want to know more about everything she went through",
    "my older brother WAS into it\nmy brother USED TO say that drawing was like breathing to him\nALL PAST TENSES HURT",
    "im so hyped that Jaemin finally gets a fluffy love story. He's the best boi ❤️"
  ],
  "episode-27": [
    "Jaemin is SO down. I love that he is acting shy and he is super conscious about Pureum. It feels so refreshing and different from how he was with Bomi, Eunchae and Seonhui",
    "Either Jaemin 2 is just inviting that guy for something innocent, or all the bad rumors are actually true. With this author let’s go for the third option.",
    "I don't think i ever saw Jaemin acting like that when he was crushing on Bomi 😱 this is serious! look at that blush just being close to Pureum 💕",
    "you can't fool me, I know that's just a lollipop 🤨",
    "Please be good mini Jaemin- please let this be a misunderstanding",
    "nooo smoking isn't hot or attractive at all 😭",
    "Honestly Seonhui would realistically already know that he's smoking. He wouldn't be able to hide the smell on his hair and clothes unless he keeps a safe smell free distance from Seonhui at all times. Also seriously creepy how Jaehyun's threat made the actor girl more excited about him. That's really not the reaction he was going for.",
    "\"You know me, don't you? That I'm a terrible guy\" ok hold on I need a minute, just... let me breathe. ok. I'm ok. anyway, you're not terrible sir!!!!!",
    "Seonhui's mantra being \"act like Bomi\" lmao I love their friendship so much!!! my og babies 🥹",
    "GUYSSS I DONT WANT JAEHYUN AND SEONHUI TO HAVE AN ARGUMENT ABOUT HIM SMOKING ARGRGRGRGR LIKE I JUST WANT THEM TO BE TOGETHER ALR",
    "Whatcha bringing that guy over for Jaemin?",
    "kinda miss having jinyoung's friends in the mix.... like u know... some regular looking people inbetween a full cast of face cards😭",
    "Both Jaemin are good looking… with opposite character… Jaemin and Pureum love blossom… Jaemin S and Eunchae love blossom…",
    "Gyuri being sentimental oh I'm totally Bomi that's so cute 🥺🤏",
    "please dont disappoint me jaemin shin🙃",
    "i wish we could see how gaeul is doing🥲",
    "HAHA look at Jahyeon!! dang he’s getting serious. take that actor girl",
    "now Jahyeon, what did you mean by that last line of yours💀",
    "JAEMIN IN LOVE ARC LET’S GO",
    "lollll not Jaemin's handsome face actually being good for the business"
  ],
  "episode-28": [
    "Cheolsu: What does this guy want from me??\nJaemin Shin: I JUST WANNA BE PART OF YOUR SYMPHONY 🗣️🐬🌈🌊🗣️🐬🌈🌊",
    "I love seeing Jaemin Shin jealous of Eunchae’s first love hehehe\nI wonder if they’ll meet someday 👀",
    "Ok, well that’s adorable. I’ve heard of sleep walking and sleep talking, but I’ve never seen sleep romancing before. Jaemin putting in the work even when he’s unconscious lol that said, I loved seeing that flashback. A lot of us who did martial arts had similar inspirations to take it up in the first place, I noticed that gi. I wonder if it was karate, judo or something else?",
    "he was dreaming about hamin I'm going to sob, i still haven't emotionally recovered from sob",
    "lmao he's really falling HARD for Eunchae. I appreciate a guy who's not afraid of a true baddie like my girl right there 💪 like hell yeah be her number 1 fan cause she's AMAZING",
    "Jaemin Shin's blush when his head is on the desk and he's looking at Eunchae was actually the cutest",
    "little Jaemin Shin was so adorable 🥹",
    "he needs a hero, he's holding out for a hero",
    "LOOOOOOL poor guy had a bi panic with Jaemin Shin",
    "Love the chapter but didn’t the girl look like gaeul a little bit?",
    "A fun detail I read in another webtoon (I forget  the name but it's a thriller) is that the name Cheolsu Kim is the Korean version of John Doe/ John Smith, in that it's kind of a generic sort of name? Sort of like a placeholder. So it's funny to see them Have this background character Cheolsu Kim with a generic name and a simplified background character face.",
    "I knew it was a lollipop 😼 BUT OMG HE'S HOLDING HER HAND AHHH",
    "cant spell pureum without pure AHHH SHE IS TOO CUTE😭💔",
    "blue jaemin was so cute as a kid 😅",
    "Cheolsu saw the cover of one (1) BL and it already infected him 💀",
    "okay, but why this episode was so CUTE🥹🥹🥹🩷🩷🩷 I LOVED the panel of blue haired Jaemin blushing, the little eyes omg AND THE LAST PANEL??? love them",
    "Eunchae’s so cool bc she’s nonchalant towards everything but injustice eheheheh 😝😝😝 totally get why blue hair jaemin is in love w her",
    "Cheolsu just had his hairstyle changed from Hamin's to Jaemin's. 😃",
    "BABY JAEMIN SHIN FLASHBACK IS SO CUTEEEE",
    "Me kicking and squealing 🤭"
  ],
  "episode-29": [
    "who are you and how DARE you call the beautiful cute awesome kind and gentle Pureum a BOTHER??????? like watch your mouth 🤺🤺🤺",
    "Perfect, now I’ll have to reread SoB to see again how Jinyeong and Bomi fell in love",
    "Because he was so young at the time, Jaemin couldn’t do anything to help Hamin. But now, we’ve already seen how he helped Dongchae, and he will definitely be someone that Pureum can lean on. Now it’s time for all of us readers to roll up our sleeves and fight this rude witch. FOR PUREUM— ⚔️",
    "I don't know about you guys but for me BOMI in this season it's so cool. She just doesn't care anymore and she's just being happy with her boyfriend. \nAnd the other couples is so nice to see their stories evolved, always having romantic panic attacks everytime i read a new episode haha. 💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖",
    "\"three times\" oh so Pureum is older ok ok that's interesting I'm hooked",
    "oh Jina my baby, how I missed you but... I don't think... like, right now is not the best time y'know...",
    "Ha! Jinyeong's mom knew exactly what she was doing 😂",
    "I will forever be a bomijin fan ❤️😭 their cuteness makes my heart explode",
    "Jina breaking the the fourth wall to introduce herself to us 🤣",
    "Man, I thought that was going beautifully, and then we get splashed with that glass of ice water. Ugh, I see some people gotta act like they know it all in order to feel superior, bud she left whatever abusive bullshit that was, so why do you even care, she wasn’t even in your life anymore ya twat. At least I could enjoy the adorable moment on the couch with Bomi and Jin",
    "Fine I’ll go reread Seasons of blossom again🥹😭",
    "it’s been years and yet I still feel the same butterflies I felt with bomi & jinyoung in sob🥹",
    "how dare you speak to her like that! Let me into the comic, I'll show you a thing or two, Cruella!",
    "Poor jaemin thought he was able to save his brother😭😭",
    "the pain in pureum's expression in the last panel ... 😭",
    "Hahaha so cute Jina, breaking the 4th wall 🥰🥰",
    "a love like Bomi and Jinyeong’s please🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽",
    "Jina here making sure the Webtoon censors don't have to step in.",
    "I'm still not over hamin death\ni literally cried at the dream \ni want a whole series in which hamin is alive with everyone else😭",
    "jaemin boutta be mad"
  ],
  "episode-30": [
    "This comment has been deleted.",
    "I can't with Bomi crying saying the story was beautiful and Jinyeong calling it exploitation lmao I love their duality",
    "I love that he defended her and stayed by her side until she calmed down 🥺❤️ love them so much",
    "jaemin is going to be such a rock for pureum through this. she's clearly never had anyone truly on her side",
    "PUREUM is so sweet and pure 🥹🥹🥹 must protect energy",
    "I'm personally glad that girl took their picture so Jaemin could see how he looks at Peurem and start to do some self-reflection",
    "The blushing kills meee",
    "I really hope we also see Gaeul and Subin 🙏😭",
    "Pureum my Shayla-",
    "Jinyeong I see you🤭🥰",
    "Pureum, that beautiful (probably) autistic girl ❤️",
    "Bomi and Jinyeong are so funny together I love them😭",
    "We don’t know what has happened to pureum yet, but I’m glad she is moving forward right now. It’s so easy to get stuck when bad things happen to you.",
    "Pureum must keep holding that hand. It's alright if she gets Handsy, one one hand, but on the other hand even though he is a handful, it's better to have the prize in hand...",
    "jaemin standing up for pureum is sooo wholesome, i’m happy he saw how silly he looked at her it’s so adorable !",
    "her mom died right...so I understand how she felt. Hopefully  she'll soon understand how to forgive herself.",
    "Pureum and Jaemin being more open to each other and getting into details about their past oh that's so beautiful 😭",
    "Jinyeong's gloomy face..... I fear I also wouldn't be able to say no to anything he asked with that face, Bomi's so real for that ✊",
    "i be kicking ang giggling everytime i see these couple interactions \nI absolutely adore them, the sneaky surprise kiss was ✨️✨️✨️\ntake all my coins please",
    "good thing he saw the photo so he could see how he looks at her, they’re so adorable i’m happy he stayed with her and held her hand because this is all so fresh for her, and he’s by her side ❤️"
  ],
  "episode-31": [
    "Jinyeong never fails to leave me speechless. I totally get you, Bomi, totally...",
    "BOMI AND JINGYEONG ARE THE BLUEPRINT",
    "how someone can look that cute little girl in the eyes and BEAT HER. so so so disgusting.",
    "\"we won't be sleeping while just holding hands\" oh? OH?????",
    "who's that daring to scream at my Seonhui. WASH YOUR MOUTH TO TALK TO HER",
    "I know those ears were on FIRE after he left.",
    "oh my this episode was such a rollercoaster like ???? we had sadness with Pureum and her mom, then... well, Bomi and Jinyeong being fluff and kinda horny and then anger with Seonhui's scene. so many emotions and such a good chapter!!!!! this story really is the best.",
    "Jina is soooo done with her brother and her sister in law lolllll unfortunately I cannot relate to that. please give me 473 episodes of Bomi+Jinyeong fluff.",
    "Ok so Pureum IS an autistic girl ❤️ my Beautiful and special child ❤️",
    "I'm SO PROUD of Pureum trying to have different experiences and making friends. she went through so many things as a child and then lost her mother too... but she's still trying. and being her true self. she's so strong and deserves so much happiness.",
    "Pureum is so autism coded and I'm living for it",
    "oh, i get it now, how all of the couples balance each other, and how they click differently based on the stage of the relationship they are,,, seasons of lovesome,,, truly amazing",
    "Aw the way jinyeong and bomi seem like a married couple with a kid",
    "Baby Pureum my Shaylaaaa 🥹🥹🥹🥹",
    "I always start kicking my feet and giggling when I see bomi and jinyeong",
    "my autistic girl pureum 🤧🩷",
    "I really hope we see Seonhui's confidence grow again.",
    "I need to see bomi and jinyeong future kids drawings now 😭😭",
    "“So we won’t be sleeping while holding hands next time” ?! omg im giggling",
    "baby Pureum oh my god I'm feeling like I just got punched SHE WAS THE CUTEST KID EVER LOOK AT HEEEEEEER"
  ],
  "episode-32": [
    "Seri might actually make a good friend for Seonhui although she's definitely unhinged ahaha but I don't think she mean about it, she just wants to have fun",
    "JAEMIN AND PUREUM ARE SO CUTEEEEE I NEED MORE OF THEM😍😍 Also my theory is that she told her about the smoking…",
    "im obsessed with jaemin getting jealous omg",
    "JAEMIN CLOCKED HIM BAHAHAHA “and that’s my seat” yeah bro tell him",
    "jaemin getting jealous is EVERYTHING",
    "Lmfao 🤣 bro got got! Shouldn’t have lied about quitting bud, that’s not gonna go over well. That said, I’m excited to see this guy skedaddle from the awkward situation he started with Pureum. It’s ok to try, but at least be able to read the room bud, girl was NOT interested at all in being your project partner and def not anything more than that lol",
    "I honestly love Seri, she's too freaking funny 😂",
    "the don’t worry be happy shirt is taking me out",
    "she's positively psycho and I love her for it",
    "*sniff sniff* I smell jealousy in the airrrr 😏",
    "Can not ignore the fact that he saved her contact as \"Sunny\" \n\n\ngeez just GET BACK TOGETHER",
    "Jaemin, you sweet angel. I love him.\nAlso, Seonhui keeping her 🖕🖕 in her pocket is pure gold. Seri is right to want to be friends with her. they have a fun dynamic.",
    "I've always been a 'younger man x older woman' romance hater (granted, this is likely only a 1-2 year age diff) but I love that jaemin and pureum's dynamic is also now 'guy who cares about honorifics' x 'girl who could care less about them' 😂 it's probably why the authors didn't just reveal pureum's age at the beginning; I think their dynamic would've been a bit different if he knew right away. At least less casual!",
    "Protective Jaemin does something healing especially when Pureum is asking for help",
    "Jaemin looks like he’s jelly 🤭",
    "live laugh love jealous jaemin",
    "Pureum is totally me, super okay to interact with the extroverts I'm used to, but if you're new please wait, this is going to take a while ✋",
    "NOOO I NEED TO KNOW WHAT SHE SAID LET ME IN 🗣️🗣️🗣️",
    "I love Seonhui sooooo much",
    "why did i feel this chapter so short? 😭😭😭 also, i hope we get to see gaeul n subin soon"
  ],
  "episode-33": [
    "How much you want to bet Seri told her a different secret lol.",
    "\"my baby is smoking...\" I LOVE THEIR FRIENDSHIP SO MUCH 😭",
    "Dongchae I think you have a crush on your girlfriend......",
    "I’m glad they’re all not normalizing smoking in their friend group especially since smoking is so prevalent in korea",
    "Everyone just being there at the worst possible moment literally made me cry-laugh into my squishmallow.",
    "What I loved so much about Jaehyun in the original series was that he was so nonchalant and straightforward, and so sure of what he felt. That’s why he and Seonhui were so cute- he was the calm to her crazy and where she was insecure he was so sure of her and them together, and didn’t pressure her to like him back when he first caught feelings for her. Now, I feel like his character has evolved in the opposite direction- he’s hiding more, has a greater range of emotion, and (1/2)",
    "NOT JAEMIN'S GLOW BLINDING HER LOL I LOVE THEM",
    "bro just run 😭🫡",
    "Love how Jaehyun's sisters are always the cause of something",
    "Jaemin: My baby's smoking? 🥺 Jinyeong: 😐🚭",
    "Not Jinyeong just breaking the cigarette 😂",
    "Rip jaehyun. it was nice knowing you buddy",
    "I bet Seri was fibbin",
    "Smoking is bad!",
    "wait but this will be the moment when she tells him shes still interested in him bcus she won't care if he smokes unless she still wants to date him",
    "rest in pieces 😞",
    "oh that's it, he's toast",
    "Pureum's ears bleeding 🗣️🗣️🗣️",
    "hahahah I died at him supporting her pudding",
    "haha pureum 🤭"
  ],
  "episode-34": [
    "Pureum thinking about the wrong love triangle",
    "Can’t wait for lil boy Jaemin to act jealous toward big boy Jaemin lol",
    "Mini Jaemin came for battle",
    "And he would have gotten away with it (smoking) too if it weren’t for you meddling kids",
    "Seri woman that you are 😭😭😭 threatening jaehyeon saying you’ll seduce seonhui?!",
    "PUREUM IS SOO CUTE jaemin is falling soooo hard im so scared for pureum to hear about somang and jaemins relationship and hamin",
    "Seonhui's so precious 🥺🤏 she's actually working on improving herself and trying to feel better being who she is so she can have a healthy relationship. that's SO necessary. love my girl",
    "we almost always seen Pureum's pov but it's sooooo cute to see Jaemin also being so flustered around her. I remember SoB when he had a crush on Bomi but was very \"cool\". it's refreshing to see him having this timid side 🤭",
    "I don’t really want a love triangle between Jaemin, Eunchae, and Pureum, but also 👀",
    "is it bad that after this chapter, I now want Seri x Seonhui to be the endgame?",
    "I can’t wait for Pureum and Jaemin to get together they’re both so cute 🥰",
    "Good job whoever called it last episode that that nutty Seri told Seonhui a secret that wasn't about smoking. Hahaha. That hadn't even crossed my mind till I saw the comment, for some reason.",
    "Our Jaemin talking about \"He's big\" dude you're just as big 💀 like everyone comments on it lol",
    "Jaemin is SO in love 😭",
    "I guess I could see why pureum only see jaemin and his brother's art girl \"in a different world\" their bond is special, at this point they look like siblings to me but hey that's from a perspective of omniscience and also of someone who's not in love with jaemin xD \nfinally jaemin meets jaemin.\nalso finally eunchae meets jaemin again!!!",
    "Okay,I just found from raws that Jaemin calls Somang ‘nuna'... Please tell me I'm not the only one who finds that cute\nAlson Yellow Jaemin Vs Blue Jaemin Go!",
    "i wasn't expecting to be that explanation lmao\ni love how all the couples engaged in a perfect way",
    "He called her cute 😭😭😭💖",
    "this is what I've been waiting for!!!\n\nbut author, you always make the wait worth it 💖",
    "Don’t worry Pureum Jaemin is all yours~\nOh goodness Bomi and the others mentioning the smoking so loudly 🤣sweet souls"
  ],
  "episode-35": [
    "\"Pureum misunderstood the situation as usual\" 🤣🤣🤣",
    "“Cigarette boy” absolutely took me out. You’re not living this one down, bro",
    "\"cigarette boy\" \"underaged child\" I'm dying they're all so funny 😭",
    "I love how Dongchae got fed up with the drama and tried to clear things up, funny  😹😹😹",
    "asking the right question damn",
    "\"what's wrong with your eyesight?\" LOL even him acknowledges that Jaemin has the good genes. this guy literally won at genetic lottery.",
    "\"Pureum misunderstanding the situation as usual\" my girl is already professional at this 💪💪💪 no one is doing like her fr",
    "DONGCHAE ASKING THE REAL QUESTION HERE COME ON",
    "Jaemin: “Noona neomu yeppeoooo🎶🕺🏽”",
    "So this is how you feel when you realize your kids are older... also, Eunchae having the same vibes as Seounhi in sob 😂😂",
    "What a rollercoaster of emotions!!!!",
    "my boy Jaemin Shin really felt so hard....... he's already so boyfriend material (just as every other main guy in this universe)",
    "\"Wouldn't you like to know, Cigarette Boy?\"",
    "HELP DONCHAE I WAS NOT EXPECTING THAT 😭",
    "this is so chaotic I love it (angry seonhui is a savage I love her)",
    "Lil Jaemin is so cute🥹",
    "Dongchae straight up",
    "Dongchae being an angry drunk is hilarious",
    "I love the dynamic of this group when they are all together!",
    "Eunchae in class all 😀🫴🦋"
  ],
  "episode-36": [
    "Ooooooh I know that hurt. But on another hand I think it’s so cute Pureum is obsessed with his hair 🥹",
    "Yeahhhhh that’s a tough one to see. Good on the lad for encouraging her to see things through, maybe he’ll get the reward he’s hoping for and with time she may even come to consider him a romantic option. But, I really do think Pureum and Jaemin have such great chemistry and they have helped each other through so much. I just don’t see that level of connection there for eunchae",
    "poor Pureum being called out for hierarchy breaking I can't 😭 they're so unserious I love them",
    "Jaemin Shin is honestly such a chad for encouraging her in her feelings even if it makes him jealous. like seriously, putting her desires above his own here is green flag behavior and it makes him seem much more mature than we've seen of him so far!",
    "Has Jaemin been involved in every single romantic pairing in this comic as a love triangle??! Bomi + Jinyeong- Bomi liked him originally and I think he liked her a little bit for a short time- Seonhui + Jaehyun- Seonhui liked him before Jaehyun - Gyuri + Dongchae - Gyuri was infatuated with him like everyone else - Eunchae + Jaemin Shin - Eun fell for him as her first love - I think the only romance that he wasn’t in the middle of was Somang and Hamin, and Subin + Gaeul and they didn’t last… hmm",
    "Yeah it wasn't gonna happen with Eunchae. I genuinely think it was one-sided. Even if Jaemin did feel something for her, he was never going to act on it.",
    "Jaemin Jr, that’s terrible advice… she’s way too young for him. There’s no way he’ll ever see her in that way. You should have just supported her by giving her a shoulder to lean on instead of whatever that is 😭",
    "Oof I’m really cringing for eunchae this was tough to read 😭 but I’m still Team PureMin",
    "I think Somang realized there's something between Pureum and Jaemin and that they are not even aware😂😂😂🤣",
    "Personally I think this is a good thing for Eunchae. Rather than being held back by feelings that probably won’t ever be reciprocated (im sorry dear) something like this is a nail in the coffin situation for her to finally move on. Obviously she’ll always treasure Jaemin as her first love but now she can also find someone who loves her back. Or maybe this will go the other way with her still choosing to confess to Jaemin and maybe inspiring Pureum to get the courage to do the same?",
    "Dongchae spilling truths!!!!!",
    "He wasn’t the right Jaemin for you, Eunchae",
    "Little Jaemin is not making money moves rn",
    "Am I the only one who never shipped Jaemin with Eunchae 😭? Idk why but it never gave me *canon* Vibes also it looked pretty one-sided to me just like every other girl who liked Jaemin. Like you can tell he's comfortable with Pureum because of the silly Jaemin we never saw before... Eunchae was always meant to end up with Jaemin, just not Lee (Iykyk)",
    "blue jaemin is a real one... he literally pushed her crush towards her crush",
    "No but the fact that Hamin liked Somang who was an artist and now Jaemin likes Pureum who's also an artist ( I love the parallels!) 🥹",
    "It had to happen… feel bad tho",
    "I think Jaemin Shin earned a few points this episode",
    "me seeing PureMin : 🤩💞\nme seeing eunchae seeing PureMin : 🥺😭\nbtw this series is so good 🥰 the way there are so many ships and characters but I don't get confused cuz they all have very different personalities and the author portrays them so good🥰",
    "I relate so much to eunchae's heartbreak... it made me cry remembering the first time I got rejected"
  ],
  "episode-37": [
    "GAEUL IS BACKKKK!!!! Please do not write another romantic partner for her 😭😭😭 i need subin!!!",
    "Honestly, I’m kinda glad she’s taking this in stride. Sometimes ya just gotta let it all out and surround yourself with some good friends and you can get over that heartache. As for Pureum and Jaemin, I think it’ll take some time but slowly but surely they’re picking up on that body language. You’ve got this guys!!!!",
    "I'm so happy about my girl Gaeul appearing that I barely had time to be pissed off again by this whole romantic triangle thing (or quadrilateral?) ugh I hate this trope please let this finally be the end 🙏",
    "as someone in somang's position, i'm glad that the authors didn't immediately write her a new love interest. maybe one day she'll be ready for that again, but for now she's spending time with people she loves, building a new life for herself, and healing xxx",
    "Somang doing the hard work for us craving for some romantic panels between Pureum and Jaemin 🫡 she's always so real",
    "OMG 🎉🎉🎉🎉 GAEUL 🎊🎊🎊🎊🎊🎊 WHERE'S THE FIREWORKS???? 🎆🎆🎆🎆🎇🎇🎇🎇 MY BEAUTIFUL GIRL 💥💥💥💥💥 SHE'S BACK 🪩🪩🪩🪩🪩🪩 AND SO WE ARE 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥",
    "I’ve longed for a Gaeul reunion since 2023 since she last appeared and I’m so glad we get her back 😭 Subin where are you, we are taking this office romance to the fullest 😭🙏",
    "Honestly I may be wrong but I'm sure the Jaemin Eunchae situation wasn't about him not having feelings for her. The end of that convo, which we got some episodes ago, was him claiming that he's not a good guy. With the rest of the scene here it's obviously not about turning her down. It's about Jaemin being afraid that Eunchae will surely be disappointed in him sooner or later because he believes she likes the selfless and heroic version of himself that in reality he is not.",
    "Life really does move on. Don't worry Eunchae, you'll find a more sincere love some day!",
    "Nooo at the end of sob I was so excited for Jaemin and Eunchae and was a little heartbroken to see that they didn't end up together. I quickly fell in love with Pureums character though, because how could one not love her?! Now I am torn because I want Jaemin and Pureum to end up together but seeing Eunchae so sad really broke my heart",
    "okay but GAEUL?? GAEUL IS HERE??",
    "I actually adore the relationship between Lee Jaemin and Eunchae. It's not really romantic or platonic, but it still is kind of sweet, and their development throughout the Winter was enjoyable",
    "Noooo poor Eunchae 😭😭😭 So how exactly DID Jaemin feel for her? I know it said he cared for her, but was that really it? The dude RAN there to see her back then when she asked to see him for a sec? Did you see the look on his face when that guy was about to punch her?? He didnt even care about the girl that was getting bullied, just Eunchae! Which is so unlike him to not care about everyone. I really think there WAS something there, he just didnt realize it and now has moved on. 🥺",
    "my heart aching at the immediate mention of hamin and somang vs it skyrocketing in joy after seeing gaeul 📈",
    "It just hurt… when ur not chosen by that person you like… thats the truth…",
    "GAEUL MY BELOVED MENTION!!! I wondered if and when we might see her again I’m so glad we did!! 😭😭",
    "I love how somang treats jaemin as her little brother... she loved hamin so much for a high school love",
    "JIN GAEUL RAHHHHHHHHHHH",
    "oh my gosh Gaeul is even more hot",
    "I CAN'T BELIEVE IN WHAT MY EYES ARE SEEING"
  ],
  "episode-38": [
    "LITTLE JAEMIN SO CUTE WITH HIS LOLLIPOP BOUQUET 😭",
    "Seonhui's looking simply ANGELIC with her hair down. what a beautiful panel.",
    "so cute to see Eunchae laughing with her friends :) after my first break up, i was basically forced to have a sleepover by two of my friends lol. it was right after school and I was so sad and crying almost every second when I told them how it happened but when I think back, what I remember most is laughing and eating hotdogs with them later that night. I'll always be grateful for that. friendship is the most precious present life could ever give us.",
    "Dahyeon \"but at least we got to eat some steak\" is SO real. like yeah in this economy???? a steak dinner FOR FREE???? that's heaven.",
    "anyway love Eunchae hope your little heart recovers, first heartbreak is never easy. BUUUUT a good medicine for that might be a new love huh 👀 though I think it'll probably take a while....",
    "I hope this becomes a anime because both the season of blossom and this one have so much depth and story more people need to witness this. I wouldn’t mind it being a drama either but I think an anime could last longer and the character could look the same",
    "alsooooo Seri being a good friend 🤞🤞🤞 love to see it, her dynamic with them it's really great",
    "one of my favorite chapters 😭🙏🙏🙏\nalso i’d just like to add bc this is funny to me: dahyeon actually calls shin jaemin’s muscles “water muscles” in the raws💀💀💀💀",
    "What a callback. In SOB, Jaehyun tried to confess to Seonhui the same way after the concert. He ran after her saying his feelings had grown too strong for them to just be friends before she fell out of the tree.",
    "God the height difference has me gasping for air. I love them. Also Jaemin Jr you’re my favorite little guy",
    "little jaemin saying he befriended the younger sister, who he didn't like. that younger sister is Eunchae's friend, Dahyeon, lol",
    "I want to print their kiss and hang it on louvre like 😭 they're sooooo my babies. I love them.",
    "the way they embodied this kiss is so perfect they’ve been waiting for so long",
    "Lowkey want a seperate series on Jaehyun and his sisters. They all seem wholesome and chaotic at the same time",
    "Heck yeah man, good for them. Being open about how you feel and have felt is the key to a long relationship! I wish them nothing but the best, especially once they sober up",
    "jaehyun looked extra fine this chapter, seonhui looked absolutely stunning, and im happy they finally got what they both have been wanting, each other 😛",
    "JAEHUI NATION WE ARE SOOOOOO BACK 🤭🤭🤭🤭🤭",
    "",
    "Jaemin Shin blushing so much, his hair turned red 🤭",
    "that hair tie move and kisss omg🥵"
  ],
  "episode-39": [
    "FINALLY SUBIN AND GAEUL'S REUNION!!!!!!! WHERE'S THE FIREWORKS??????? LET'S GOOOOOO",
    "oh my they were already attractive but Subin and Gaeul are so damn FINE right now. that's my power couple right there.",
    "Dongchae and Gyuri's relationship was such a good surprise from this story 🥺 she supports him through all and he makes her comfortable enough to be sappy and romantic, it's so cute",
    "also this long haired guy is that Subin's friend?? who was kinda into Somang in SoB???? 👀",
    "okay my babies Gaeul and Subin got their reunion. now kiss. go. no need to be embarrassed. we've been waiting for YEARS. please. kiss. right. now.",
    "That was such an incredible moment, for me Jaemin comforting Pureum made me feel like that scene at the end of good will hunting when he’s telling him it’s not his fault. Also, hello new people that I probably should know from the og series!! I’m excited to get to know ya!!!!",
    "freaking finally we see Subin and Gaeul reunite again! ahrgh why do we gotta wait another week?! I need to know more about what went down back then",
    "Jinyeong nervous about meeting with Bomi's mom... I don't judge him but I know this woman is DYING to meet her son in law for ages lol don't worry my boy!!!",
    "SUBIN IN A SUIT?!?!!??",
    "I get you Gyuri, I also have a thing for adorable dorks with an unconsciously romantic nature........",
    "subin acting like a celebrity taking this long to show up!! pureum and jaemin r so precious oh my",
    "So much goodness for so many people in one little chapter! \n\nAlso what is up with Subin’s friend. I almost died laughing 🤣 .",
    "knowing next chapter is the last chapter of season 1 and then a 3 month hiatus makes me wanna cry.",
    "I feel like Gael got a massive glow up with the hair change and the lipstick too!",
    "AAAAHHHHHH FINALLY!!! GAEUL AND SUBIN 😭😭😭😭 Pls let them be endgame",
    "MY 2 FAVORITE CHARACTERS JUST MET AGAIN AFTER YEARS!!!!!! YESSSSSSSS!!!!!",
    "OMG!!! OUR AUTUMN COUPLE IS BACK!!!",
    "GAEUL SUBIN INTERACTION IS REAL . SO VERY REAL !! 😭😭😭 I cannot believe this is happening",
    "GAEUL HELLLOOOOO MEOW",
    "HELL YEAH, BABY!!! GAUEL AND SUBIN ARE BACK!"
  ],
  "episode-40-season-1-finale": [
    "I'm praying that Jaemin's next text is \"sorry but I also like you and I would like to be more than friends\" but some sinking feeling is telling me homeboi is about to blow a huge hole in the hull of this ship before it even pulls out of the dock",
    "ENDING SEASON ONE WITH SUBIN AND GAEUL WAS AN IMMACULATE CHOICE",
    "that was an ILLEGAL CLIFFHANGER!!! Jaemin might be rejecting pureum??? Subin and Gaeul slept together???? And we have a new couple!!??",
    "ok so this was a interesting season finale...... though in SOB we had seasons focused on each couple, here we had a very different experience. I liked knowing more about new characters, having more details about others but I'm really expecting for the next seasons to not have a lot of new characters. we barely got development between the couples and I hope the next seasons can focus on who we already know. that said, lovely story as always, looking forward for next season :))))",
    "Pureum crying in Jaemin's arms.... pain. pain everywhere.",
    "OHHHHH SUBIN AND GAEUL GOT FREAKY YESSSSS",
    "IM SO DEAD THAT WAS UJIN?!?!💀\nAnd ooooooh Subin and Gaeul got to itttt🙂‍↕️🙂‍↕️😏",
    "also!!!! \"each other's light\" just broke me. I love Somang so much and I wish nothing but happiness for her, but I'm so glad her and Ujin are beyond being a thing. I don't know if it's on writer's plans for Somang to be with someone else, but I feel that would work on a story by itself, focusing only on her. glad it appears she don't want anything with romance right now and I'm happy if she is!!! her love with Hamin was one of the greats after all, so hard to beat that.......",
    "genuinely jaemin’s text has to be bait PLEASEEE IF THAT SHIP ISNT REAL I WONT KNOW WHAT TO DO😭😭😭😭",
    "Comedy is definitely showing! I laugh more and feel happier reading this story.",
    "have a nice breakkkkk, I didn't even expect a continuation of sorts to even be a Webtoons from Seasons of Blossoms, but I'm so happy 😭❤️❤️\n\ntake all the time you need!! looking forward to the new episodes :)))",
    "OH subin and gaeul make an appearance on the WILDEST cliffhanger",
    "SOMANG AND HAMIN BEING EACH OTHER’S LIGHT OH OKAY SO THIS WOUND WILL NEVER HEAL",
    "that map is legendary and so fun to look at",
    "As soon as I saw Subin in bed and only half the bed I had an extremely strong feeling Gauel was there in it. I thought I would be wrong though!",
    "Congrats on the season finale!!!! That was definitely a wild ride!! Incredible writing and romance, with enough drama to have me on the edge of my seat, looking at that text Jaemin 👀 but for sure, between these seasons I HAVE to go back and read the original series, you’ve sold me. Enjoy your rest, you all have earned it!!!!",
    "Jaemin not having a friendship line with Bomi hurts me, my boy needs more friendship lines instead of people getting onesided crushes with him aaaaaaa",
    "SUBIN BEEN WANTING THAT SINCE COLLEGE😭🙏",
    "“Each other’s light” oh well now im crying again"
  ],
  "episode-41-season-2-premiere": [
    "“Cafe blossom” IS PERFECT 🌸🥹",
    "back with a bang huh",
    "I got to be honest, I'm kinda lost right now. I think I need to reread Seasons of Blossoms all over again. But I don't want to experience the angst anymore. My fishbrain sucks.",
    "No matter how much time passes, every flash of Hamin still hurts.",
    "Omg, give Jinyeong glasses, lol",
    "Wanted to run a \"quiet\" cafe. Ha...haha..ha...haa. Poor lady!",
    "WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOUR’RE THE ONLY ONE!!!",
    "It’s back!! I’m so excited to see everyone and their relationships blossom",
    "Jinyeong siblings really look like him😂",
    "The way I SCREAMED when this released! I'M SO EXCITTTEEDDD!!! LET'S GOOOO!!!",
    "WAIT WHAT OMG I WAS NOT PREPARED FOR THIS BUT GIVE ME MOREEEEE!!!\njaemin's messages building up, pureu. blushing but jaemin is with his sibling -wait, were we lead to the wrong path? love it anyway but I need my jaemin X pureum ❤️\nthen SUDDENLY GAEUL AND SOBIN? WHAT? OH BOY",
    "Dude I was scared for a moment earlier when Pureum asked to step out cause I thought Jaemin had rejected her and she was going outside to cry 😭",
    "A SECOND CLIFFHANGER IS ILLEGAL 😩",
    "WE ARE BACK BRUH❤️❤️❤️❤️ omg i was just looking today to see if i missed an update! AND HERE WE ARE",
    "PETITION TO GET JINYEONG’S GLASSES BACK WHO WANTS TO SIGN??😭🙏🙏",
    "YAYYY ITS BACK :D",
    "Seeing all my ships arrive back from Hiatus Sea makes me feel so patriotic for this series 🥰 welcome baaaaackkk 🩷",
    "guys.. I lwk forgot what happened between Gaeul and Subin.. 🥹",
    "HELPPP AM SOOO HAPPYYY IT'S BACKK😭😭LETS RESUME OUR LOVE BLOSSOM JOURNEY!!!!!!!",
    "IM SO HAPPY I JUMPED AT THIS UPDATE ❤️ I'm soo excited for season two!!!"
  ],
  "episode-42": [
    "What do y'all wanna bet Gaeul and Subin just happened to get undressed and go straight to sleep lmao",
    "I love how straightforward Pureum was about that",
    "oh my gosh his little sister I forgot how freaking cute she is",
    "I BLAME THE CHICKEN 😆",
    "Did anyone notice? The name somin is combined of Somang and hamin 😭😭😭",
    "Both of them lying about remembering bfidbdjdjd\nalso omgg Pureum is SO sweet and Somin is adorable ❤️",
    "Need the recipe for the magical chicken that’s so good you end up sleeping w your ex",
    "Omg Somin and Pureum are sooo cute together!!! 🥰🥰",
    "Not them blaming the chicken! Now I want some!! And Pureum and Somin are so cute I can't",
    "Tbh I hadn't read any of Seasons of Lovesome, but when I saw Gaeul in the thumbnail, I fastpassed so quick 💀 They were my favorite arc of SoB so I'll be catching up with this series now 🫡",
    "Jaemin is completely smitten with Pureum ❤️",
    "Gaeul and subin better spill the tea 😩 the fact they both don't remember is hilarious",
    "The fried chicken is the captain of this ship",
    "I’m bout to go back to being broke again",
    "I can't help but love her.",
    "Pureum being straightforward like that... made my day.🥰",
    "I love Pureum !!!! She so direct and smooth, lol🥰",
    "I love how honest Pureum is😭 it’s so refreshing",
    "This connection and infatuation between Pureum and Somin is so cute!!",
    "awww wait til eceryone mistakes peurum and him as parents to somin!!"
  ],
  "episode-43": [
    "Jaemin has had a hard time. He acts like the easygoing glue of all his friends, but we've seen how hard it is for him to get close to people. And setting aside (with difficulty!) all the trauma of his brother, he's gotten a lot of mixed messages from women. I started re-reading Seasons of Blossom, & even though he's over it now, the miscommunication with Bomi must have done a number on his self esteem. I think someone like Purem, who is direct but not pushy, was probably helpful for him. (Cont.)",
    "I cant take these two seriously brother wdym you remember the kiss but in a completely different scenario😭😭😭😭😭",
    "In another life, Somin could've been the name of Somang and Hamin's child (So + Min)",
    "Am I the only one who noticed the interactions between the two babies earlier??",
    "The switch from Subin x Gaeul hilarity to cutie Somin and Somang is gonna give me whiplash",
    "oh hamin you’ll be missed forever 🥀",
    "Finally a date",
    "immediately cried when somang met somin 😭😭😭😭",
    "LET'S GOOOOO JAEMIN",
    "i’m going through so many emotions right now",
    "Tap to see spoiler  View",
    "Lololol even the baby is done with Jaemin and Pureum beating around the bush lolol",
    "Gaeul and Subin sure seem to be remembering things slightly differently here.",
    "Somang meeting Somin 🥺🥺🥺",
    "Everyone else: Much romance, very wow, such cute\nMe: a 2 year old... isn't walking yet? and everybody's ok with this?",
    "“She helped me move on from my past… but she (Somang) is still trapped in it.” NOOOO PLS DONT MAKE ME CRY AGAIN",
    "NAAAAANTS INGONYAMA BAGITHI BABA",
    "a date.... A DATE!!!! FINALLY!!! I know the ship departed from the harbor a few chapters ago, but there is a strong wind filling the sails and blue skies ahead!",
    "whiplash LMAO THESE PEOPLE ARE SO FUNNY 😭",
    "There were so many good parts of this episode I can’t even"
  ],
  "episode-44": [
    "\"We have to stop meeting like this.\"",
    "these two😭😭 just accept it at this point and u know… do it sober???",
    "It's the little details like Jinyeong poking Somin's cute little face being held by Somang that makes me really appreciate this comic even more",
    "why no one is talking abt pureum and jaemin's date ✨",
    "They strip naked when drunk lmao",
    "not them having a date at that cafe 😭",
    "at least they're consistent 😘",
    "they are so dumb",
    "Pureum is so cute! I can't with how much I love her. And poor Jaemin was so embarrassed he looked like he was going to explode. \nAnd those two idiots... 🤣",
    "omg they are stuck in the infinite loop of drunk and sexy time",
    "atp the cafe should be advertised as a dating spot 😭",
    "a case of dumb and dumber?",
    "I’m dying 💀",
    "I loved how now everyone knows that Pureum and Jaemin are going on a date hahaha but still didn't say anything to not make them feel embarrassed. I'm still excited for theeem🫶",
    "🎶Blame it on the Goose, gotcha feelin' loose. Blame it on the 'Trón, got you in the zone. Blame it on the a-a-a-a-a-alcohol🎶\nThis should be the bgm for those two misadventures",
    "No way . . . I predicted something funny happened the first time like they threw up on each other, but NEVER MIND these two get wild when drunk! 🤣",
    "seonhui: jaemin seems to have a difficult dating life...\ngirl why ru acting like u & ur bff didnt partly cause this😂",
    "Not AGAIN, haha love this 😂😂",
    "This whole episode is pure gold. I loved their date, Pureum and Jaemin are too cute! the texting between Seonhui and Jaehyeon (I think it's the right name???), Gaeul and Subin... the crow is right: those dummies! 😹",
    "LMAOOOO THEY DID IT AGAIN"
  ],
  "episode-45": [
    "No because why is every interaction they have just so perfectly terrible but in the best way😭😭😭",
    "Why are they such a mess 😭",
    "At this point we are ignoring divine intervention",
    "FATE FATE FATE and collaboration thats gonna drive them insane",
    "btw she really looks so pretty with short hair 🙂‍↕️",
    "WAIT SO SOMETHING ACTUALLY HAPPENED THE FIRST TIME!?! also no way this is the last time he sleeps here",
    "you guys really need to realize you are meant to be 😔😔",
    "i hope they can heal each other the way they feel guilty for each other🥹",
    "Guys….at this point Fate is screaming at you both",
    "the whole universe trying to make them together 🙂‍↕️",
    "\"I thought she might communicate better than an old fart like me\"--little does he know these two are COMPLETELY INCAPABLE of communicating!",
    "ahaha work throwing them together too",
    "im so curious about that night, haha what really happens that makes two of them not remember 😭😂",
    "I’m missing Pureum",
    "Can someone refresh my memory please? What went wrong the first time they got together in the prior webtoon?",
    "i actually loved their flower in seasons of blossom and NOW THIS-YAYAYAYAYA",
    "better just give in, be honest with each other and then shaboing while sober",
    "Ready to begin the next episode with them in bed again hehe",
    "They are so dumb it’s hilarious 😂",
    "Subin still feels guilty he didn't save her for the torture his friends put her through. And she knows if they're together, she might resent him someday too. I love them together, but until they heal, they shouldn't be together. Gaeul's right."
  ]
}